Hi everyone. My name is Anne-Marie Bane.
Today's Wednesday, May the 6th, and this
is the Money Ball Morning Report brought
to you by TrendSpider,
which gives us our charts, Ment the
Queue, which gives us our gamma flow,
and
Trade Wave AI, which gives us our
forensic analytics in the market. So,
what are we staring down?
Well, if you watch group coaching
yesterday,
this is a prime example of what happens
when a call wall begins as resistance
and turns into an amplifier of motion.
Like I mentioned,
it's supposed to give us a framework of
edges.
By and large, it has not.
What's happened is the dealers have
realized that, "Hey, listen, if we stay
above this level and we do not
reverse and get under 7,300, we're going
to be upside down in our trade, so we
have to buy so that our book is flat,
meaning so that we are not losing more
money.
We have to make it so that we're
making money as much as we're losing
money, so the net net is zero until the
price action comes into free." Now, this
happened at the end of Europe's candle,
opening candle, that is, the 4:00 a.m.
candle, and it has rocketed. We just had
an 874 lot to the buy side at 7,350.
We had a 1,000 lot waiting out there,
and now we've got another 300 lot
waiting at 7,353.
So far, these buyers are just
relentless, and the higher they move,
the higher it will squeeze. So, what
does this mean?
Uh
getting in front of this wall, this is
the one-day max,
right? 7354 is the measured one-day max
for the traders,
they are going to rally right through
that. So, what are we doing? We're
looking at the biggest candlestick
formation of
the last three to four days, and we can
see that it is
this 11:00 a.m. candlestick on May the
4th, and this Fibonacci is working
fairly well. Breach of the call wall,
moving into max 7360, and then 7380,
and
off she goes, right? So,
I mean, wow. What What was the trade
if you looked at it? Well,
first of all, it's a look above and go.
What that means is you have the Globex
candle, it pulls back, it holds
your 3:30 candlestick close, which is
this candle right here. Notice Notice,
my friends.
This is not
I mean, wow, wow. Take a look.
Here is the open of the 3:30 candle.
Happens to be the low of the Globex.
Shocking. Not shocking.
Old resistance becomes new support.
Pull back into the range, you could have
traded it there and languished all
night, or you could have said, "Hey,
listen, I'm just going to do
a buy stop, which puts you long at the
higher price once that price gets
tested." Now, we're all the way up here
at 54. Dips are buys, my friends. Dips
are buys, even to the 1-minute. Dips are
buys. Look at the slope of the 50. Look
at the location of momentum. Everything
bullish, nothing
Do not go short here. They are going to
shred
the shorts right now and it's they're
delighting in it as far as I can see.
Okay? So,
dips or buys? Where is the first likely
dip? 7321.
Could it be that they're just so madly
enthusiastic about going long that
it's 7341?
Yes.
But, things like this, we could have a
lockout rally today where it's just long
all day. And
you know, we could go limit up if it
continues. So, what is limit up?
Limit up is
if you're in a prop firm, they're not
going to let you have a trade limit up
because they're they're going to tell
you and then they're going to take
precautions. But, limit up is when
literally
they stop the market from going up. They
shut the markets down.
Now,
it's got to be pretty far. It's
certainly not just
50 points. It's it's much more than
that. But, if it continues, that could
be something that we see, which would be
incredible actually for especially for
those of us that are
newer. Now, the problem with being limit
up uh is that if you're long, you cannot
get out of your trade.
And for those of us that are live,
that's could be a problem if it gaps
down when it opens back up. So, more on
that later. Nothing to worry about.
We'll see what happens. Okay. Here we
are at the NQ.
Biggest candlestick of reference is this
crazy one over here
on what day is this?
May the 1st. Let's draw the Fibonacci.
Upside pressure works fantastic.
We are well over the call wall.
Uh
the call wall was moved yesterday. It
was 28,000. By the end of the day, it
was 28,500. They are breaching the wall.
So, first thing they're going to try and
do is pull the wall back.
If
if you happen to be long
and you see the breach of the call wall
like this, nothing wrong with taking
some profit.
Okay?
Could it continue to move? Yes. You
might say, "Listen, I'm just going to
raise my stop
to the call wall."
It could pull into the call wall and
then break right back out. The trend is
up. Dips are buys. Absolutely
monstrous of a motion. But, here's what
normally happens.
Up through the call wall the first time,
the traders will try to force it back
down.
If they can't do it, then it continues
up. Now, you might argue that that was
what this is doing.
Fair enough.
See the massive move up? You know what's
happening. It's in a squeeze formation
and then the buyers just Huh? They just
continue to move up, which would give us
our targets of 28,663
and then
28,000
795, 28,800, that sort of thing. Okay?
Trend is up, momentum is up. First
pullback that seems reasonable could be
the call wall at 28,500.
But, it's probably 28,384.
Okay?
Um
potentially.
But, this continues to rally. Please do
not try and short this.
It's a fool's errand. Don't do it.
You're going to get Zambonied. All
right? Go look up what a Zamboni is.
It's not good.
Let's take a look at the YM.
Very interesting. So, here's the YM.
Same squeeze action happening, folks.
Right at 4:30.
Fibonaccis
have been drawn. So, we are back up to
50,000. We're trying to test 50,000.
Now, that's a pretty important spot.
If you said, "Hey,
I want to trade the breakdown of this
formation." You have an example very
recently to the left that holds that in
play. So, what do you want to see? You
want to see a bounce
that fades.
Okay? So, when you look at a bounce and
you see the pullback, you could go, "Oh
my goodness, look, it's still a buy.
You're still making higher highs." But,
the problem is it stops making higher
highs right after that and then closes
at a lower high. It tests a higher high,
but it closes lower. That's your first
warning shot across the bow. The second
one would be the failure
of the candlestick to close
in the body of the
opening candle range, right? So, here's
the 9:30 candle, here's the 10:00
candle. This would be the initial
balance.
This also looks like a three-bar
reversal. You can get it right here on
this edge at 50,015
after it's broken down, okay? And then
you can just walk it back through. This,
my friends, is a squeeze caused by
a a breach of gamma, okay? So, this is
technical motion. Now, interestingly
enough, people are going, "Hey, this is
because oil is down 9%." Yeah, it could
be, but I'm guessing the gamma guys have
got additional things to think about
right there. Dips back into 49,563,
not unreasonable here.
We're not breaking out in a tremendous
amount of volume.
Um but, we are breaking out. So,
pullbacks continue to be buys.
All right? So, let's take a at Bitcoin.
Here's our 82,000.
Right there, Fibonacci.
These are starting to look a little
choppy, if you ask me, but you want to
be careful. Whoa!
There they go. They're starting to flush
everybody out.
They're just jamming that in. Wow.
Look at this on a 1-minute.
Again, what does this tell you? Uh dips
are buys, not a place to short.
There's too much upward flow at this
juncture. It has to fail
and then bounce to a lower high
and then come back again.
Until then,
you've got yourself dips being buy
zones. It looks lovely, don't get me
wrong. It looks fantastic. And if you're
scalping, absolutely.
But,
you better be quick or you're going to
be dead. Okay? So, this is a very strong
topping region around everywhere, but
the flow is so strong.
I think they're going to really try and
hurt the shorts some more. Okay? So,
dips are buys, even when you see those
gigantic spikes down, you know they are
buy zones. All right, so what might that
be for Bitcoin? Well,
the call wall is 82,000. They're
breaching the call wall and so,
could they test the call wall and move
back up? Yes. So, pull back there along
with the 50, along with the pivot, along
with the anchored VWAP, along with the
regular VWAP.
That's a good buy zone, all the way down
into 81,300.
We've got the ourselves a rally
formation.
Momentum is slightly bullish,
but trend is clearly master and
commander here.
Be wise.
Yes, there's things looking very choppy.
Just be careful. Scalp first, and then
if things go in your favor, you're going
to be in great shape.
Let's take a look at this beast.
Right? Now, look at how much volume is
here. I have no idea
what the news flow is saying. Let me
have a peek
at
Pixweet.
Panic as South Korean ship explodes in
the Strait of Hormuz 22 hours ago.
Okay. Um that's not it.
Uh
Let's look at Pixweet.
I I really like them.
Let's see what we've got here.
Oh, good grief.
Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
Man,
I
don't even know. Well, whatever it is,
it's got a catapulting. Here's the put
wall, 85. Remember, this is the sweet
uh
this is the sweet spot.
85.
It's been sitting there for days.
And here they come into the zone.
You can't tell me that's not
uh
some sort of thing that's pushing that
edge. So, I would guess there's another
$5 to go on this.
Right back into the wall. Now, people
are pretty nervous.
Um
So, let's see where heavy congestion is.
Where did the break occur? Remember,
our formations look like this.
First things first, we come in and we
say,
"What's the trend? And where are we with
respect to our moving averages?"
So, yesterday we came in, we had an
upward 200 and an upward 50, and then we
broke the pivot at 103.
We break the pivot, we get under the
anchored VWAP of the prior day and we
get under
the regular VWAP, we get under
the 50 and we are under the 200. Okay?
So, that 200 is
concave, for sure. It's moving down.
Once we get underneath all of these
moving averages,
there is the zero DTE put wall.
We get under there, notice they
accelerate and then they bring it back
up. That zero DTE expires, the brand new
one opens up for tomorrow and here we
are in tomorrow and well under the put
wall.
So, if we've got a big zero DTE position
and we're under the put wall, we are
going to have it behave as an
accelerant.
This is the gamma wall flip.
This blue line, it tells us whether
we're going from positive gamma, which
has volatility being gentle, and
negative gamma, which has volatility
being noisy.
And this is what we're doing. Chances
are we collapse right into that put
wall.
I mean, that's a pretty good shot. Any
bounce is going to be sell zones and
that put wall is of course 85. Do we
have some folks hanging out at 90? Yes,
but take a look at the aggressive flow.
Price action continues to move up. Every
single bounce into the 50
is a short.
Don't
don't try to buy this.
Yes, but I love catching the bottoms.
Well,
all of these bottoms are very sharp
knives that are going to cut your
fingers off if you try to put your hands
around. Okay? Bounces are sells until
they're not. And what does that mean? We
have to breach the 50,
pull back and hold a higher low and
that's going to give you confidence that
your trade is going to last.
Let's go to gold.
Okay.
Massive move up here.
Just a massive move.
Okay. So, I have to look at the bigger
picture to see what we've got. All
right, let's take a peek. Let's take a
peek.
Okay?
Very noisy.
Where are we going?
We're going to test the 50. We're going
to the call wall.
That's 4,800.
Amalie, how can you be so sure?
Because that's just what we do.
We will go from the put wall to the call
wall to the put wall to the call wall.
And there's a downward 50 that we
rejected the last time. Here's the fly
in the ointment.
That downward 50
that we rejected the last time
came after we'd made a lower low.
Now we're making a higher low.
So, we could easily breach that wall
and go from 4,800 to 4,900
in a second. Well, probably a couple of
minutes. It might take us a couple of
minutes. But that is what we're looking
at. And this driver here is going to
push that flow.
Momentum just turned positive just a
little bit ago, a couple days ago. And
now we have all this congestion that
we're sitting at. Could it be
that it stops in the midst of this
congestion? Yes.
4736, 4750.
This is huge. There's something going on
with the dollar.
Right? There is definitely something
going on with the dollar. So, we'll try
and find that out in a just a little
bit.
So, what do we have?
Where's our biggest driver of volume?
Could we say
>> [snorts]
>> wow?
Sorry about blowing the raspberries in
your face. I don't mean to do that.
It's just one of those mornings where
you go take a look at this.
Okay, so here we are.
This is the Fibonacci of the highest
volume event. Trend and momentum are
starkly up. Look at how accelerated
every single 30-minute candlestick is
printing higher than average volume.
Much higher than average volume. This
momentum is on a rocket ship. So, you
don't get in front of it. You don't try
to short the tops. You wait for it to
collapse. Where is it likely to
collapse?
There's a lot of heavy congestion here
on the daily. So, it could have a
pullback here, but the pullbacks are buy
zones.
They could easily be headed for the call
wall,
easily.
Now, was there something here
that should have alerted me to the fact
that this might occur?
Well, first things first, in hindsight,
you can see that we recovered the 50
and made higher highs. We also tested
that 50 again
and made higher lows.
At which point the opening Globex event,
remember, that's where they plant the
flag. If they stay above that,
we've got ourselves bullish action into
prior congestion zones. You can see the
last one we spent several, maybe 2 and
1/2 hours at this 4672. That's the next
nice pullback action. Things should
start to slow, but we are still clearly
in dip buying territory.
This is incredible. Incredible. All
right, we are at the daily max in spy.
We broke through the call wall 725. The
daily max is 730. That's They're telling
us that's the statistically maximum
level, but
it could easily expand. So, you don't
go, "Oh, that's daily max. I'm taking a
short." Uh why would you want to do that
when this thing is a freight train?
Absolutely incredible. Okay? Not showing
any
overnight volume that is outsized,
but most definitely following through
on the bullish pressure events
that breached this box, and that's 721.
So, let's do this.
Let's go to 721. 730 is the first place.
733 is the next place. 735 is the next
place. Walking it down to the wall not
uh out of the question,
but let these buyers exhaust.
Let them collapse,
and then get in the trade. You don't
have enough money.
None of us have enough money to fight
these guys.
We don't.
Millions and millions and millions and
millions and millions of dollars are
moving through in this early hour, and
you can see them. They keep
The shorts keep coming in, and they keep
going, "Okay, I'll uh
I'll I'll do that." And they keep
getting run over. Don't do it, my
friends. Don't do it. All right. Take
care. I'll see you on the streams.